docs: document workflow-bound ephemeral token lifecycle (#1084)
seqeralabs/wave: docs/faq.md

## How long does an augmented container remain accessible?

> It depends on the request. When the request comes from a Seqera Platform workflow run, Wave ties the container lifetime to the run: it stays accessible while the run is active and for a short grace period (~20 minutes) after the run completes, up to a hard limit of 48 hours from the initial request. All other requests remain accessible for a fixed 36 hours from the time of the initial request. See [Ephemeral token access](./how-wave-works.md#ephemeral-token-access) for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Container lifetime depends on the request type:

- **Seqera Platform workflow runs:** Wave ties the container lifetime to the run. The container stays accessible while the run is active and for a short grace period (~20 minutes) after it completes, up to a hard limit of 48 hours from the initial request.
- **All other requests:** the container remains accessible for a fixed 36 hours from the initial request.

See [Ephemeral token access](./how-wave-works.md#ephemeral-token-access) for details.
```
